website/docs/tutorials/line.mdx, before:

# Line Chart

```jsx live
function showComponent() {
  const data = [
    { dateTime: '2013-11-20T03:18:55.732Z', Arizona: 5523, Louisiana: 5239, Illinois: 5539, Tennessee: 816, 'Rhode Island': 270 },
    { dateTime: '2013-12-20T03:18:55.732Z', Arizona: 315, Louisiana: 3868, Illinois: 182, Tennessee: 1926, 'Rhode Island': 6734 },
    { dateTime: '2014-01-20T03:18:55.732Z', Arizona: 4244, Louisiana: 2462, Illinois: 9486, Tennessee: 7565, 'Rhode Island': 4514 },
    { dateTime: '2014-02-20T03:18:55.732Z', Arizona: 2234, Louisiana: 3857, Illinois: 888, Tennessee: 1364, 'Rhode Island': 1752 },
    { dateTime: '2014-03-20T03:18:55.732Z', Arizona: 6484, Louisiana: 2907, Illinois: 8919, Tennessee: 1369, 'Rhode Island': 9925 },
  ];
  const options = {
    categoryAxis: {
      gridDisplay: true,
      title: 'category',
      dataKey: 'dateTime',
      type: 'time',
      timeUnit: 'month',
      labelFormat: 'MM DD, YYYY',
    },
    valueAxis: {
      gridDisplay: false,
      position: 'left',
      title: 'value',
    },
    seriesOptions: {
      styleMapping: {
        Louisiana: {
          lineStyle: 'dashed',
        },
      },
    },
    title: 'My First Line Chart',
    theme: 'diverging-colors-alerts',
    legend: {
      isLegendClick: false,
    },
  };
  return <mdw-xy type="line" data={JSON.stringify(data)} options={JSON.stringify(options)}></mdw-xy>;
}
```

Commit message:

docs: examples for xy chart

website/docs/tutorials/line.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 106
---

# Line Chart

Line chart is a way of plotting data points on a line. Often, it is used to show trend data, or the comparison of two data sets.

```jsx live
function showComponent() {
  const data = [
    { dateTime: '2013-11-20T03:18:55.732Z', Arizona: 5523, Louisiana: 5239, Illinois: 5539, Tennessee: 816, 'Rhode Island': 270 },
    { dateTime: '2013-12-20T03:18:55.732Z', Arizona: 315, Louisiana: 3868, Illinois: 182, Tennessee: 1926, 'Rhode Island': 6734 },
    { dateTime: '2014-01-20T03:18:55.732Z', Arizona: 4244, Louisiana: 2462, Illinois: 9486, Tennessee: 7565, 'Rhode Island': 4514 },
    { dateTime: '2014-02-20T03:18:55.732Z', Arizona: 2234, Louisiana: 3857, Illinois: 888, Tennessee: 1364, 'Rhode Island': 1752 },
    { dateTime: '2014-03-20T03:18:55.732Z', Arizona: 6484, Louisiana: 2907, Illinois: 8919, Tennessee: 1369, 'Rhode Island': 9925 },
  ];
  const options = {
    categoryAxis: {
      gridDisplay: true,
      title: 'category',
      dataKey: 'dateTime',
      type: 'time',
      timeUnit: 'month',
      labelFormat: 'MM DD, YYYY',
    },
    valueAxis: {
      gridDisplay: false,
      position: 'left',
      title: 'value',
    },
    seriesOptions: {
      styleMapping: {
        Louisiana: {
          lineStyle: 'dashed',
        },
      },
    },
    title: 'My First Line Chart',
    theme: 'diverging-colors-alerts',
    legend: {
      isLegendClick: false,
    },
  };
  return <mdw-xy type="line" data={JSON.stringify(data)} options={JSON.stringify(options)}></mdw-xy>;
}
```
