website/docs/tutorials/settings.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Settings

## Theme

The default value is light, we also support dark mode. That will change text color and grid color. 

### Change the default theme

```js
md.settings.set({
  theme: 'dark',
});
```

### Trigger the theme change manually

```js
md.changeTheme(
  'dark',   // or light
  'dark',   // (optional) the default colorset, you can change the default colorset according to your current theme
); 
```

## Color

### Change the default colorset

We provide some built-in colors. You can set global colors for charts via below code.

```js
md.settings.set({
  colorSet: 'material'
});
```

### Built-in colorset

<md-colorsets></md-colorsets>


### Customize colors

Also, we support the function to customize colors for your chart. Once you added a ColorSet as below, you do not need to set it.
That will be set as the default.

```js
md.settings.addColorSet('my-colorset', ['#00ff00', '#ff0000', '#0000ff']);
```

### More color customization

Except above simply ColorSet setting, we also provide color customization for each chart and each series.
Please see the [ChartOptions.colors](https://momentum-design.github.io/charts/docs/api/interfaces/ChartOptions#colors) definition or specific chart.

Commit message:

docs(website): update about theme

website/docs/tutorials/settings.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Settings

## Theme

The default value is light, we also support dark mode. That will change text color, grid color and something else. 

### Change the default theme

```js
md.settings.set({
  theme: 'dark',
});
```

### Trigger the theme change manually

```js
md.changeTheme(
  'dark',   // or light
  'dark',   // (optional) the default colorset, you can change the default colorset according to your current theme
); 
```

### Colors related to theme

<md-themes></md-themes>


## Chart Color

### Change the default colorset

We provide some built-in colors. You can set global colors for charts via below code.

```js
md.settings.set({
  colorSet: 'material'
});
```

### Built-in colorset

<md-colorsets></md-colorsets>


### Customize colors

Also, we support the function to customize colors for your chart. Once you added a ColorSet as below, you do not need to set it.
That will be set as the default.

```js
md.settings.addColorSet('my-colorset', ['#00ff00', '#ff0000', '#0000ff']);
```

### More color customization

Except above simply ColorSet setting, we also provide color customization for each chart and each series.
Please see the [ChartOptions.colors](https://momentum-design.github.io/charts/docs/api/interfaces/ChartOptions#colors) definition or specific chart.
